c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\Elenktis.Web.Portal.blazor.config
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\Elenktis.Web.Portal.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\Elenktis.Web.Portal.pdb
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\Elenktis.Web.Portal.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Blazor.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.Browser.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\Microsoft.JSInterop.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\Mono.Security.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\Mono.WebAssembly.Interop.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\mscorlib.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\System.Core.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\System.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\wasm\mono.js
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\wasm\mono.wasm
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\blazor.server.js
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\blazor.webassembly.js
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\Elenktis.Web.Portal.pdb
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\blazor.boot.json
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Blazor.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.Browser.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\Microsoft.JSInterop.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\Mono.WebAssembly.Interop.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Elenktis.Web.Portal.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\staticwebassets\Elenktis.Web.Portal.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\staticwebassets\Elenktis.Web.Portal.StaticWebAssets.xml
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Elenktis.Web.Portal.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Elenktis.Web.Portal.RazorComponent.input.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\RazorDeclaration\App.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\RazorDeclaration\Pages\Counter.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\RazorDeclaration\Pages\FetchData.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\RazorDeclaration\Pages\_Imports.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\RazorDeclaration\Shared\MainLayout.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\RazorDeclaration\Shared\NavMenu.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\RazorDeclaration\Shared\SurveyPrompt.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\RazorDeclaration\_Imports.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\RazorDeclaration\Elenktis.Web.Portal.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Elenktis.Web.Portal.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Elenktis.Web.Portal.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Elenktis.Web.Portal.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Razor\App.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Razor\Pages\Counter.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Razor\Pages\FetchData.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Razor\Pages\_Imports.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Razor\Shared\MainLayout.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Razor\Shared\NavMenu.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Razor\Shared\SurveyPrompt.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Razor\_Imports.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Elenktis.Web.Portal.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Elenktis.Web.Portal.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Elenktis.Web.Portal.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Elenktis.Web.Portal.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Elenktis.Web.Portal.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Elenktis.Web.Portal.pdb
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\inputs.linkerswitch.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\inputs.basic.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\inputs.copylocal.txt
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker.descriptor.xml
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\inputs.linker.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linked.assemblies.txt
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Elenktis.Web.Portal.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Blazor.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.Browser.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Microsoft.JSInterop.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Mono.Security.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Mono.WebAssembly.Interop.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\mscorlib.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.Core.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Elenktis.Web.Portal.pdb
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\inputs.bootjson.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\blazor.boot.json
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\RazorDeclaration\Pages\NSGSearch.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\RazorDeclaration\Pages\Policy.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\RazorDeclaration\Pages\TagVMs.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Razor\Pages\NSGSearch.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Razor\Pages\Policy.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Razor\Pages\TagVMs.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\RazorDeclaration\Pages\VMPIP.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Razor\Pages\VMPIP.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\RestSharp.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\System.Numerics.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\System.Web.Services.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\System.Xml.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\dist\_framework\_bin\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\RestSharp.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\RestSharp.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.Numerics.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.Web.Services.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.Xml.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\RazorDeclaration\Pages\Index.razor.g.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Razor\Pages\Index.razor.g.cs
