c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Elenktis.Web.Portal.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Blazor.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.Browser.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Microsoft.JSInterop.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Mono.Security.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Mono.WebAssembly.Interop.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\mscorlib.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\RestSharp.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.Core.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.Numerics.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.Web.Services.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.Xml.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktis\Web\Elenktis.Web.Portal\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\blazor\linker\Elenktis.Web.Portal.pdb
