C:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\Informer\Elenktis.Informer.Command\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\Informer\Elenktis.Informer.Command\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\Informer\Elenktis.Informer.Command\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\Informer\Elenktis.Informer.Command\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.deps.json
C:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\Informer\Elenktis.Informer.Command\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.dll
C:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\Informer\Elenktis.Informer.Command\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.pdb
C:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\Informer\Elenktis.Informer.Command\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.dll
C:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\Informer\Elenktis.Informer.Command\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.pdb
C:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\Informer\Elenktis.Informer.Command\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\Informer\MandateServiceInformer\bin\output\Elenktis.Common.Command.deps.json
C:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\Informer\MandateServiceInformer\bin\output\Elenktis.Common.Command.dll
C:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\Informer\MandateServiceInformer\bin\output\Elenktis.Common.Command.pdb
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\CommonLib\Elenktis.Common.Command\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.deps.json
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\CommonLib\Elenktis.Common.Command\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\CommonLib\Elenktis.Common.Command\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.pdb
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\CommonLib\Elenktis.Common.Command\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\CommonLib\Elenktis.Common.Command\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\CommonLib\Elenktis.Common.Command\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\CommonLib\Elenktis.Common.Command\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\CommonLib\Elenktis.Common.Command\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.dll
c:\Weixian\Projects\Src\POCs\Project Elenktís\elenktis\CommonLib\Elenktis.Common.Command\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Elenktis.Common.Command.pdb
